docs: releasing with release-please process and deploying (#52)
City-of-Helsinki/notification-service-api: README.md

4. Finally check the output of the release action. Sometimes the bot can't parse the commit message and there is a notification about this in the action log. If this happens, it won't include the work in the commit either. You can fix this by changing the commit message to follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) format and rerun the action.

**Important!** If you have closed a release PR manually, you need to change the label of closed release PR to `autorelease: tagged`. Otherwise, the release action will not create a new release PR.

**Important!** Extra label will force release-please to re-generate PR's. This is done when action is run manually with prlabel -option

Sometimes there might be a merge conflict in release PR - this should resolve itself on the next push to main. It is possible run release-please action manually with label, it should recreate the PR's. You can also resolve it manually, by updating the [release-please-manifest.json](./.release-please-manifest.json) file.

#### Fix merge conflicts by running release-please -action manually

> 1. Open [release-please github action](https://github.com/City-of-Helsinki/events-helsinki-monorepo/actions/workflows/release-please.yml)
> 2. Click **Run workflow**
> 3. Check Branch is **main**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open [release-please github action](https://github.com/City-of-Helsinki/notification-service-api/actions/workflows/release-please.yml)
2. Click **Run workflow**
3. Check Branch is **master**
```

Author: Fixed
